the 1960s weren't just about drugs and
orgies but let's be honest those were
the highlights the 1960s were also about
getting involved in politics Americans
cared what was going on in the country
and had an impact which scared the poop
out of the responsible men as they
called themselves when they weren't busy
with their own responsible orgies so in
1973 David Rockefeller founded the
trilateral commission and their first
job was to figure out why the elites
were losing control of the country
luckily thanks to their days of orgy
training they were able to get to the
bottom of it they found that there was
an excess of democracy that's right
sounds counterintuitive for a democracy
to have an excess of democracy sounds
like Glenn Beck having an excess of
half-baked lunacy trickling down his
chin into a goblet made from a
forefathers skali bought on eBay not to
get too detailed with it but but no
these responsible men found that they
needed to go back to the days when
Truman could govern with the cooperation
of a small number of Wall Street lawyers
and bankers they said one of the
catalysts to this overflow of democracy
was the failure of the institutions
responsible for indoctrinating the young
essentially the kiddies had not been
taught to be sheep well enough and if
she don't know the Sheep then they may
try to be a wolf and then they may bite
the rich and the holier-than-thou mattos
masters of the uterus for universe did
not like that so they they did something
about it which was this this crisis of
democracy they called it which detailed
ways in which to push the public back to
the good old days of passive obedience
to the rulers and guess what it's taking
a little while but it worked as Eleanor
Goldfield detailed got some cheers all
right as Eleanor Goldfield detail on
occupy calm voter turnout this past
November was the lowest in 72 years
Millennials only made up twelve percent
of the voter turnout that's lower than
the Millennial turnout for the early
bird special at Denny
on Jimmy Buffett buffet nights he shows
up personally by the way he does say
they don't pay him either but this lack
of involvement in our system is not a
mistake like Karl Rove it's by evil it's
by evil design like Karl Rove you have
to corporate owned parties who are
within a pubic hairs width of difference
in ninety percent of the structural
issues in this country meanwhile they've
worked hard to create a systemic level
of defeatism that helps them cement
their control if you think it's a
crackpot conspiracy let's go back to the
trilateral commission they said order
depends on somehow compelling newly
mobilized strata to return to a measure
of passivity and defeatism and what
better way to create defeatism then have
another Bush v clinton presidential race
in 2016 even even ilary clinton's
campaign slogan is meant to promote
apathy paleta well let's not give up
there are ways to get young people to
vote again why don't we say if you vote
this time you don't have to vote again
for life why don't we tell them that
aura or forwards voting booth gloryholes
we already have the little privacy
curtains all they have to do is make
them stay resistant
you